We've moved the edit and delete scripts to the abdomen area but we haven't moved the new article script
yet.
So when we click on the new article link we get a page not found error.
Let's move this page to the admin folder.
And as with the edit and delete scripts we need to change.
These require lines the init scripts the database include the header and the footer
in the edit page.
We've also changed the line where we're requiring this shared article farm.
However we are only sharing this farm between the edit page and the new page which are both in the admin
folder so instead of leaving this page in The include folder in The Root.
Let's create a new includes folder inside the admin folder
and then move the form include into this new folder.
Well also copy the h.t. Access file.
To restrict direct access to the files in this folder.
Now if we click on the new article link that page works and we can create the new article.
When I click save though we are redirected to the show page outside of the admin area.
To fix this we need to add the admin folder to the path we're redirecting to like that.
Now when we create a new article
we're redirected correctly to the show article page in the admin folder.
When we moved to the article farm include into the admin folder.
However we broke the edit article page.
This is because previously we changed the edits article script to include the file in its original location
so that's changed this back.
And now the edit page is working again.
So now to administer articles we have an admin area that is only accessible if a user is logged in on
authenticated users can only see the list of articles and the individual article pages.